# ENVS-193DS_homework-05
Repository for homework 5 on pitcher plants

This data was organized by the Environmental Data Initiative and recorded in 2005 at the Harvard Forrest Greenhouse. The data was used to examine the effects of prey availability on morphological and physiological characteristic in Sarracenia or pitcher plants. Specifically, observing the presence of an allometric relationship between photosynthetic leaf area and Nitrogen and Phosphorous content and whether this relationship bears similarity to non carnivorous plants. Ten different species of pitcher plants were used. Two plants of each species, twenty plants in total, were subjected to six different levels of feeding. All plants were fed their appropriate amount once per week for a total of seven weeks. Measurements taken for each plant include: species, feed level (g), number assigned to each plant, variable fluorescence performed on the first leaf of each plant, variable fluorescence performed on the second leaf of each plant, total above and below ground plant mass (g), root to shoot ratio, mass of youngest fully expanded leaf (cm^2), specific leaf area of youngest fully expanded leaf (cm^2/g), chlorophyll of youngest fully expanded leaf (mg/g), ratio of nitrogen to phosphorous content of youngest leaf produced, ratio of nitrogen to potassium content of youngest leaf, foliar nitrogen content of youngest leaf, foliar potassium content of youngest leaf, foliar calcium content of youngest leaf, foliar magnesium content of youngest  leaf, foliar sodium content of youngest leaf, foliar sulfur content of youngest leaf, leaf mass area of youngest leaf (g/m^2), mass-based light-saturated photosynthetic rate of youngest leaf (nmol CO2/g*s), photosynthetic phosphorous use efficiency of youngest e=leaf (mmol CO2/M*s), total number of pitchers and phyllodes produced by each plant, number of phyllodes, mass of a single phyllode (g), area of the same phyllode (cm^2), leaf mass area of the same phyllode (g/m^2), chlorophyll content of the same phyllode (mg/g), and mass-based light-saturated photosynthetic rate (nmol CO2/g*s).The data is available for download and for viewing metadata in the EDI Data Portal.The raw data comes in the form of a csv document. The data was published under the Creative Commons CC0 1.0.




The link to the rendered html document is here.
[here]("https://jessegrigolite.github.io/ENVS-193DS_homework-05/code/scratch-paper.html")
